feat(proguard): add support for android deobfuscation with parameters mapping (#1418)
getsentry/symbolicator: CHANGELOG.md

- proguard: Added a mandatory `index` field to `JvmFrame` (#1411) by @loewenheim
- proguard: Support for source contex (#1414) by @loewenheim
- proguard: Field `lineno` on `JvmFrame` is now optional (#1417) by @loewenheim

> - proguard: support method deobfuscation based on parameters mapping ([1418](https://github.com/getsentry/symbolicator/pull/1418))

Reviewer: Let's keep the changelog format consistent.
```suggestion
- proguard: support method deobfuscation based on parameters mapping (#1418) by @viglia
```
